http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Airport,Airport
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Arts_Centre,Arts Centre
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Atm,Atm
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Attraction,Attraction
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Bakery,Bakery
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Bank,Bank
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Bar,Bar
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Beach,Beach
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Bed_And_breakfast,Bed And breakfast
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Bicycle_Rental,Bicycle Rental
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Bookshop,Bookshop
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Bus_Station,Bus Station
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Bus_Stop,Bus Stop
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Butcher,Butcher
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Cafe,Cafe
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Canal,Canal
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Car_Rental,Car Rental
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Car_Repair,Car Repair
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Car_Wash,Car Wash
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Castle,Castle
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Cemetery,Cemetery
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Chemist,Chemist
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Church,Church
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Cinema,Cinema
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#City,City
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#College,College
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Community_Centre,Community Centre
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Courthouse,Courthouse
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Crossing,Crossing
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Cycleway,Cycleway
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Dam,Dam
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Dentist,Dentist
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Department_Store,Department Store
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Dock,Dock
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Doctors,Doctors
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Dog_Park,Dog Park
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Embassy,Embassy
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Farm,Farm
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Fast_Food,Fast Food
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Forest,Forest
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Fort,Fort
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Fountain,Fountain
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Gift_Shop,Gift Shop
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Golf_Course,Golf Course
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Graveyard,Graveyard
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Greengrocer,Greengrocer
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Hairdresser,Hairdresser
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Hospital,Hospital
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Hostel,Hostel
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Hotel,Hotel
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Ice_Rink,Ice Rink
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Jeweller,Jeweller
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Kindergarten,Kindergarten
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Kiosk,Kiosk
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Laundry,Laundry
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Library,Library
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Mall,Mall
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Memorial,Memorial
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Mobile_Phone_shop,Mobile Phone shop
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Monument,Monument
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Mosque,Mosque
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Motel,Motel
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Museum,Museum
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Nightclub,Nightclub
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Nursing_Home,Nursing Home
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Optician,Optician
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Park,Park
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Parking,Parking
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Parking_Bicycle,Parking Bicycle
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Parking_Multistorey,Parking Multistorey
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Parking_Underground,Parking Underground
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Pharmacy,Pharmacy
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Playground,Playground
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Post_Box,Post Box
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Post_Office,Post Office
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Prison,Prison
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Pub,Pub
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Railway_Station,Railway Station
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Restaurant,Restaurant
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#River,River
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Ruins,Ruins
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#School,School
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Shelter,Shelter
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Sports_Centre,Sports Centre
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Sports_Shop,Sports Shop
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Stadium,Stadium
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Stationery,Stationery
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Subway,Subway
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Supermarket,Supermarket
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Swimming_Pool,Swimming Pool
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Temple,Temple
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Theatre,Theatre
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Theme_Park,Theme Park
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Toilet,Toilet
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Town,Town
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Town_Hall,Town Hall
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Toy_Shop,Toy Shop
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Traffic_Signals,Traffic Signals
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Tram_Stop,Tram Stop
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#University,University
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Viewpoint,Viewpoint
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Village,Village
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Vineyard,Vineyard
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Waterfall,Waterfall
http://www.app-lab.eu/osm/ontology#Zoo,Zoo